#summary jQuery
#labels Featured,Phase-Design,Phase-Deploy


= jQuery =

jQuery is a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development. jQuery is designed to change the way that you write JavaScript.


== Library name, location and usage ==

jQuery library is installed under the folder assets/www/libs/jquery/1.7.1/.  Generally speaking, I install the minimized version, jquery.min.js.  I rename the actual file to the generic name jquery.min.js and place it in a directory identified by the version number.  It's my preference.  Feel free to change this.

In index.html, I have the line:

  {{{
  <script src="libs/jquery/1.7.1/jquery.min.js"></script>
  }}}


== Summary ==
  * [http://www.jquery.com jquery web site]
  * Library path: assets/www/libs/jquery/*version*/jquery.min.js
  * Defined in head section assets/www/index.html
  * Path in index.html is a relative path


== Notes ==
I've found it tidier to keep the libraries in directories identified by version number.  It makes it easy to switch between versions if I find that the library has a problem.  Finally, these libraries are small enough to distribute multiple versions of libraries with distributions.  When I feel comfortable with a particular version, I remove the older ones.

Click the logo below to go to the [http://www.jquery.com/ jQuery] site:

[http://www.jquery.com/ http://jquery.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/JQuery_logo_color_onwhite-300x74.png]


<g:plusone size="medium"></g:plusone>